the spirit of performance the
record-breaking CCX competition coupe
10th anniversary edition was developed
to deliver superior performance both on
the track and on the road with no
gadgets or unnecessary features every
aspect of this machine serves a
fundamental purpose to reach ultimate
speeds and efficiencies re-engineered to
comply with stringent new u.s.
regulations the CCX builds on the CC
lineage of Koenigsegg cars the
supercharged 4.7 liter v8 built by
Koenigsegg combined with an ultra
lightweight chassis gives you a very
impressive 683 bhp per ton a scoop on
the bonnet redesigned front lamps and
side skirts help to distinguish this
Koenigsegg from the others and improve
on what was already insane performance
numbers zero to 60 miles per hour in 3.2
seconds and a top speed of over 240
miles per hour